CY-2541 - Add RPM for Stage (#972)
cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-stage: README.md

### Package creation

You can create either tarball package or RPM package.

#### Tarball package

To create tarball package:  
1. Create production build by running: `npm run build`.
1. Pack all necessary files into archive by running: `npm run zip`. 
1. Application package will be in `stage.tar.gz` file in repository main directory.

#### RPM package

To create RPM package:  
1. Push branch with your changes to the remote.
1. Your RPM package will automatically be created by [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cloudify-cosmo/cloudify-stage) (check Artifacts tab on the `build-rpm` job).

### Package upload

To upload the package to the remote Cloudify Manager:

> 1. Have private SSH key to access Cloudify Manager in `~/.ssh/cloudify.key`or explicitly define path to it: `export SSH_KEY_PATH=<PATH>`.
> 1. Have `manager.ip` defined in `conf/me.json` or explicitly define Cloudify Manager IP address: `export MANAGER_IP=<MANAGER_IP>`.
> 1. Have tarball package (`stage.tar.gz`) present or explicitly define path to tarball or RPM package: `export STAGE_PACKAGE=<PATH>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy private SSH key to access Cloudify Manager to `~/.ssh/cloudify.key` or explicitly define path to it: `export SSH_KEY_PATH=<PATH>`.
1. Define Cloudify Manager IP address by specifying `manager.ip` in `conf/me.json` or by exporting environment variable: `export MANAGER_IP=<MANAGER_IP>`.
1. Make sure tarball package (`stage.tar.gz`) is built or explicitly define path to the tarball or RPM package: `export STAGE_PACKAGE=<PATH>`.
```
